Add blog post for episode 3 of the podcast (#147)
publiccodenet/blog: _posts/2021-02-03-episode-three-of-lets-talk-about-public-code.md

---
title: "Episode three of Let's talk about public code! - Sergei Maertens and Tjerk Vaags from OpenZaak"
date: 2021-02-03
author: Jan Ainali
type: blogpost
excerpt: The third episode of our podcast is available
categories:
  - news
---

# Episode three of Let's talk about public code!

In the third episode we talked to Sergei Maertens from Maykin Media and Tjerk Vaags from Contezza.

> How can you design a process for handling Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures worked in a collaborative codebase?

Reviewer: Question: 'worked' doesn't work. Do you mean it to indicate a tense change (for example "a process that works in a...", or is there a word missing (for example, "worked up in a collaborative codebase")?

Author: I was thinking the first, something that was functional.

Author: Oh, now I see my error, I rewrote this as a question but was doing a sloppy job.

> We got to know how they handled a security issue in OpenZaak and hopefully you can be inspired by it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We got to know how they handled a security issue in OpenZaak. Hopefully this will inspire you as you consider what your project would do in the same situation.
```
